content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "AI for Decarbonisation’s Virtual Centre of Excellence"
draft: false
---
# ADViCE
ADViCE is aimed at the development of innovative artificial intelligence technologies for decarbonisation applications to support the transition to Net Zero.

As part of the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero’s (DESNZ) Net Zero Innovation Portfolio, the Artificial Intelligence for Decarbonisation Programme has been set up to support and promote the adoption of Artificial Intelligence decarbonisation solutions for industries.

Part of Stream 1 of this larger (AI for Decarbonisation) innovation programme, Artificial Intelligence for Decarbonisation’s Virtual Centre of Excellence (ADViCE) is aimed at the development of innovative artificial intelligence technologies for decarbonisation applications to support the transition to Net Zero. This stream is being delivered by a collaborative consortium including Digital Catapult, Energy Systems Catapult and the Alan Turing Institute.

## Overview
The broader ambition of the centre of excellence is to coordinate and engage with AI and decarbonisation stakeholders across high-emitting sectors. This initiative is designed to foster cross-sector collaboration, define key challenges that are tractable to AI solutions, and disseminate information to relevant stakeholders. By facilitating the dissemination of knowledge, ADVICE aims to coordinate AI innovations efforts directed at decarbonisation applications. 

The virtual centre of excellence will act as the front door for all collaborators, participants and contributors to foster a vital ecosystem which will:

- Disseminate information publicly and to relevant networks
- Identify strategic and priority challenges for AI innovation for decarbonisation
- Provide pathways to leverage private funding

## Get Involved
You can express your interest by filling in [this form](https://assets-gbr.mkt.dynamics.com/cd69a60c-3e6e-41d1-9cc4-5dc606fed704/digitalassets/standaloneforms/02f1dcd2-538c-ee11-be36-6045bd0e6795)

Commit message:

Update _index.md of homepage to provide more description about ADViCE Knowledge Base

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Knowledge Base of the AI for Decarbonisation’s Virtual Centre of Excellence"
draft: false
---
# About the Knowledge Base
This Knowledge Base is a collection of resources and content created by the ADViCE team. The content is specifically related to the usage of AI for decarbonising high-emitting industries. These resources include items such as:
- ADViCE reports.
- ADViCE webinar recordings and event descriptions.
- ADViCE challenge cards.
- Other resources, such as working group reports and analysis pieces on new AI for Decarbonisation legislation and governance.
- A discussion forum (soon to be released).

The content is available for access and usage under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License. You can read more about the permissions and limitations of this license [here](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/ADViCE/community-guidelines/license/)
# ADViCE
ADViCE is aimed at the development of innovative artificial intelligence technologies for decarbonisation applications to support the transition to Net Zero.

As part of the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero’s (DESNZ) Net Zero Innovation Portfolio, the Artificial Intelligence for Decarbonisation Programme has been set up to support and promote the adoption of Artificial Intelligence decarbonisation solutions for industries.

Part of Stream 1 of this larger (AI for Decarbonisation) innovation programme, Artificial Intelligence for Decarbonisation’s Virtual Centre of Excellence (ADViCE) is aimed at the development of innovative artificial intelligence technologies for decarbonisation applications to support the transition to Net Zero. This stream is being delivered by a collaborative consortium including Digital Catapult, Energy Systems Catapult and the Alan Turing Institute.

## Overview
The broader ambition of the centre of excellence is to coordinate and engage with AI and decarbonisation stakeholders across high-emitting sectors. This initiative is designed to foster cross-sector collaboration, define key challenges that are tractable to AI solutions, and disseminate information to relevant stakeholders. By facilitating the dissemination of knowledge, ADVICE aims to coordinate AI innovations efforts directed at decarbonisation applications. 

The virtual centre of excellence will act as the front door for all collaborators, participants and contributors to foster a vital ecosystem which will:

- Disseminate information publicly and to relevant networks
- Identify strategic and priority challenges for AI innovation for decarbonisation
- Provide pathways to leverage private funding

## Get Involved
You can express your interest by filling in [this form](https://assets-gbr.mkt.dynamics.com/cd69a60c-3e6e-41d1-9cc4-5dc606fed704/digitalassets/standaloneforms/02f1dcd2-538c-ee11-be36-6045bd0e6795)
