content/Webinars/Zero Carbon Farms of the Future.md, before:

---
title: "Zero Carbon Farms of the Future"
draft: false
---
# Challenge Overview
 
This webinar relates to the grand challenge 7 (GC7) **Minimising Methane in Agriculture**. Methane emissions from livestock are a major contributor to global 
emissions. Reducing these emissions is critical, whether through shifting to low-meat diets or more carbon-conscious livestock management. 

# Webinar

**Zero Carbon Farms of the Future**

*Wednesday 10 April 2024, 10.00-11.30*

In this webinar, we will discuss the transformative potential of AI-driven solutions for optimizing energy usage and enhancing productivity in controlled 
environment agriculture (CEA). From precision climate control to smart lighting systems, AI technologies are reshaping the way we cultivate crops indoors while 
minimizing energy consumption and environmental impact.

This webinar will focus on the intersection between controlled environment agriculture and AI in the drive for decarbonistion. 
Our lineup of expert speakers share their insights and experiences through the following topics: 

- AI-powered energy management systems in CEA. 
- Benefits of leveraging AI for optimizing resource utilization and reducing costs. 
- Real-world applications of AI in energy-efficient farming. 
- Innovations in sensor technology and data analytics for intelligent decision-making. 
- Future trends and opportunities at the intersection of AI and sustainable agriculture.

## Panel

#### Chair

- Professor Ruchi Choudhary - Professor of Architectural Engineering, University of Cambridge

#### Speakers

- Derek Stewart – Director of the Advanced Plant Growth Centre (APGC) at the James Hutton Institute
- Eri Hayashi – President, Japan Plant Factory Association
- Adam Waterman – Chief Software Architect, LettUs Grow 

[Event website and how to register](https://www.turing.ac.uk/events/zero-carbon-farms)

Commit message:

Update Zero Carbon Farms of the Future.md
included the webinar recording

content/Webinars/Zero Carbon Farms of the Future.md, after:

---
title: "Zero Carbon Farms of the Future"
draft: false
---
# Challenge Overview
 
This webinar relates to the grand challenge 7 (GC7) **Minimising Methane in Agriculture**. Methane emissions from livestock are a major contributor to global 
emissions. Reducing these emissions is critical, whether through shifting to low-meat diets or more carbon-conscious livestock management. 

# Webinar

**Zero Carbon Farms of the Future**

*Wednesday 10 April 2024, 10.00-11.30*

In this webinar, we will discuss the transformative potential of AI-driven solutions for optimizing energy usage and enhancing productivity in controlled 
environment agriculture (CEA). From precision climate control to smart lighting systems, AI technologies are reshaping the way we cultivate crops indoors while 
minimizing energy consumption and environmental impact.

This webinar will focus on the intersection between controlled environment agriculture and AI in the drive for decarbonistion. 
Our lineup of expert speakers share their insights and experiences through the following topics: 

- AI-powered energy management systems in CEA. 
- Benefits of leveraging AI for optimizing resource utilization and reducing costs. 
- Real-world applications of AI in energy-efficient farming. 
- Innovations in sensor technology and data analytics for intelligent decision-making. 
- Future trends and opportunities at the intersection of AI and sustainable agriculture.

## Panel

#### Chair

- Professor Ruchi Choudhary - Professor of Architectural Engineering, University of Cambridge

#### Speakers

- Derek Stewart – Director of the Advanced Plant Growth Centre (APGC) at the James Hutton Institute
- Eri Hayashi – President, Japan Plant Factory Association
- Adam Waterman – Chief Software Architect, LettUs Grow 

[Event website](https://www.turing.ac.uk/events/zero-carbon-farms)

## Webinar 

The recording of the webinar can be found below. 

[![ZeroCarbonFarmsWebinar](https://img.youtube.com/vi/-g6X5d4_GYI/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g6X5d4_GYI)

[YouTube Webinar Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g6X5d4_GYI)
